---
layout: post
title: Welcome to my blog
date: 1970-01-01 00:00:01
description: Let's talk tech! I'll post everything from polished pieces to spur-of-the-moment thoughts. And if you've got ideas for posts or want to collaborate, let's connect!
tags: welcome
categories: others
giscus_comments: false
featured: false
related_posts: false
toc:
  sidebar: left
---

**Welcome to my blog - binary breakthroughs!**

Think of this blog as my tech sandbox. Sometimes you'll see polished sandcastles, other times just random scribbles. I wanted a place to build things that's a bit more open than my usual social media spots. We'll explore the people behind the tech, plus plenty of coding adventures. This is my space, but guest builders are welcome!

Let's keep the conversation flowing! Share and discuss my posts wherever you like online. [#binarybreakthroughs](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23binarybreakthroughs)

So, what's with the name: _binary breakthroughs_

The name "binary breakthroughs" encapsulates my belief in the power of simplicity and clarity in understanding complex ideas. It signifies a journey of breaking down intricate concepts into their fundamental, binary elements—ones and zeros, true and false, to uncover breakthrough insights. Just as computers process information using binary code, we too can distill complex problems into simpler, more manageable components to achieve our own breakthroughs in various aspects of life.

Ideas sparking? Want to team up on a project? [Hit me up](mailto:contact@subhadipmitra.com)!

Let's get building!

> **Disclaimer**: The views expressed on this blog are solely mine and do not represent the opinions or policies of my employer. All content provided on this blog is for informational purposes only and does not constitute professional advice.
